hello I'm Adrienne and this is xoxo
cooks where we have a new recipe every
weekend it's a tubular life today I'm
very special yes my name is Kathy I've
read the book not eating ebony or and I
were the book the art of meeting hit so
come touch again this is the thom dish
and it's very spicy first we're going to
marinate the chicken a little bit of soy
sauce and there Chuck kind of bite-sized
pieces we also marinated with just a
teaspoon of cornstarch let it chill
about 20 minutes while we prepare the
rest of the ingredients I'm just gonna
give it a rough chop maybe a couple
slices Chinese like to put them on a
bias so yeah make a little cornstarch
slurry grab about maybe a teaspoon that
looks good to me half a cup of water so
we're just gonna leave this on the side
we're going to also use some Chinese
rice wine you don't drink it dovin Jang
and that's signature sauce from Sichuan
it has fermented being based and to
leave it a little kiss of acid at the
end and this is a black vinegar similar
to you know balsamic vinegar there's a
flavor combination and citron cooking
called mala which translates to numbing
hot these are plot our spicy and these
are numbing so such one peppercorns have
this really interesting numbing effect
on your palate but when you combine it
with this you get this weird
mouth-watering numbing hot sensation
remove as many of the season
break them and she come out there we go
Coast the sitch one peppercorns in a dry
pan now the pan should be really hot you
want to just toss it a little bit and if
you don't have such one peppercorns you
can just use some black peppercorns or
just skip it just as soon as you start
smelling that really floral nice
fragrance take them off that's good just
sort of break them open so we have a
couple tablespoons of canola oil like so
I'm gonna check at the top no not really
hang on sec not good enough all right
you don't want to touch them just yet or
stir them so that they may be brown a
little bit on the bottom after about a
minute start stir it around that's this
point we're not cooking it all the way
through I like using chopsticks whenever
I stir fry
splashmore oil that's more flavors
garlic and ginger now we're going to
have these crazy going to be hot or
scallions save some of the green cards
to throw in at the end for a little
fresh melon to love I also don't want to
burn the chili it's really easy to burn
the chili rice wine make sure the pan is
nice and hot yeah Bridget around you get
this flavorful stuff from the bottom
turns into more like a cigarette sauce
as some of this stuff in town sauce
chili bean sauce a little bit soy sauce
to taste and unless but not leave
to make this a little juicier soft here
boissier
take our cornstarch slurry give it
another stir for just a little bit in
store immediately see how how much soft
it out turn off the heat that's when we
add to John peppercorn extra scallions
so take it off the heat first then stir
in the black vinegar then you taste you
want to eat it yeah grateful thanks for
coming on the show Kathy thanks so much
for having me drink and check out our
blog not hanging out in New York